Update commercial features page (#2235)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.18/getting-started/enterprise.md

---

Sensu Go offers commercial features designed for monitoring at scale.

> All commercial features are available for free in the packaged Sensu Go distribution [up to an entity limit of 100][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All commercial features are available in the official Sensu Go distribution, and you can use them for free [up to an entity limit of 100][7].
```

> If you have more than 100 entities, [contact the Sensu sales team][1] for a personalized demo and free trial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have more than 100 entities, [contact the Sensu sales team][1] for a free trial.
```
As one of our current OKRs is to reduce custom demos, I think we should remove that bit.

## Commercial features in Sensu Go

- **Protect your sensitive information** with [secrets management][19].

> Authenticate with Sensu's built-in secrets provider or HashiCorp Vault and avoid exposing usernames, passwords, and access keys in your Sensu configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid exposing usernames, passwords, and access keys in your Sensu configuration by integrating with HashiCorp Vault or using Sensu's built-in environment variable secrets provider.
```

- **Manage your monitoring resources across multiple data centers, cloud regions, or providers** and mirror changes to follower clusters with [federation][20].
Federation affords visibility into the health of your infrastructure and services across multiple distinct Sensu instances within a single web UI.

> - **Use mutual transport layer security (mTLS) authentication** to [secure your Sensu agents and backends][21].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use mutual transport layer security (mTLS) authentication** to [provide two-way verification of your Sensu agents and backend connections][21].
```

- **Manage resources from your browser**: Create, edit, and delete checks, handlers, mutators, and filters using the Sensu [web UI][8], and access the Sensu web UI homepage.

> - **Scale Sensu role-based access control (RBAC)** with [Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) and Active Directory (AD) integrations][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Control permissions with Sensu role-based access control (RBAC)**, with the option of using [Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) and Active Directory (AD)][9] for authentication.
```

> - **Use powerful filter resources** designed for large installations. With label and field selectors, you can filter [Sensu API][4] responses, [sensuctl][5] outputs, and Sensu [web UI][6] views using custom labels and a wider range of resource attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use powerful filtering capabilities** designed for large installations. With label and field selectors, you can filter [Sensu API][4] responses, [sensuctl][5] outputs, and Sensu [web UI][6] views using custom labels and a wider range of resource attributes.
```

> - **Log event data** to a file you can use as an input source for your favorite data lake solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Log event data** to a file you can use as an input to your favorite data lake solution.
```

> Sensu's [event logging][10] provides better performance and reliability than event handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'm not sure how this is true. We could strike it and move the link into the surviving sentence above.

Author: 👍

- **Connect your monitoring event pipelines to industry-standard tools** like ServiceNow and Jira with [enterprise-tier assets][11].

> - **Achieve enterprise-scale event storage** for your Sensu instance and handle high event volumes with a [PostgreSQL event store][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Achieve enterprise-scale event storage** for your Sensu instance and handle high event volumes with a [PostgreSQL event store][12].
```

Something feels off here. Putting the focus on "event storage" makes me think i can store more events for longer, when this is really about  speed -- I can handle more events with Postgres because it is faster than etcd for this purpose.

Access the PostgreSQL event datastore with the same Sensu web UI, API, and sensuctl processes as etcd-stored events.
- **Get enterprise-class support**: Rest assured that with [Sensu support][13], help is available if you need it.
Our expert in-house team offers best-in-class support to get you up and running smoothly.

## Contact us for a free trial

Sensu's commercial features are [free for your first 100 entities][7].

> If your Sensu installation includes more than 100 entities, [contact the Sensu sales team][1] for a personalized demo and free trial of commercial features at scale in Sensu Go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Sensu installation includes more than 100 entities, [contact the Sensu sales team][1] for a free trial of commercial features at scale in Sensu Go.
```

If you haven't already, [install the Sensu Go backend, agent, and sensuctl tool][15] and [configure sensuctl][16].

You will need a commercial license if your Sensu installation includes more than 100 entities.
To download your commercial license file:

1. Log in to your Sensu account at [account.sensu.io][2].

> 2. Click **Download license**.

Reviewer: Note: In some circumstances you may need to click "generate license" before you can download a license.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/148017/77211578-05b66900-6aca-11ea-93cc-4bfb32dfddab.png)
